ladies and gentlemen welcome to a
special dsp tries it
live i'm doing this live on stream and
the thing we're gonna try today
is something that people have actually
asked me to try
for a very long time okay this is
something
that for some reason became
virally popular to the point where at
one point last year
this item was sold out in anywhere you
wanted to get it
and finally now i'm having the chance to
try and see for myself if it's any good
today we're trying the popeye's
new chicken sandwich which really isn't
new because it's been out since like
last fall
i remember i was driving around town
with my wife and there were
no exaggeration lines
that were going out like through the
drive-through into the streets
in front of local popeyes out here
people lining up
to get the new popeyes chicken sandwich
so we're going to try it today live and
we're going to see if it's any good
now for clarity purposes this is the
spicy version
now i looked into it and apparently the
only difference between the spicy and
the regular
isn't the sandwich component itself but
the condiment
apparently if you get it regular it's
just regular mayonnaise and if you order
spicy it's a spicy mayonnaise
that's kind of disheartening maybe
that's wrong but
that's how it was explained on
the website when i ordered it it said
that's the only difference
so i don't know for those of you who
maybe have had it
yourselves you'd have more clarification
on that but that's what i was to be led
to believe
now first of all before you guys think
this is a giant sandwich oh my god the
sandwich is so big it fills a whole
paper plate
this is a small paper plate it's the
size of my hand
so this sandwich isn't very big from
what i can see like i can palm it see
but i'm almost dropping the thing that
gets me first of all it's not very heavy
at all and the thing that gets me is
when this was first
released last year in 20 2019
okay um people were saying this was the
competition to chick-fil-a
that chick-fil-a currently had the best
chicken sandwich but
this sandwich was the major competition
to chick-fil-a
that chick-fil-a was now gonna get
knocked down a peg because this sandwich
was so damn good
and i'm looking at it now before i even
open this package and i'm like how
it's this sandwich is small even in
comparison to a chicken sandwich we get
from say
wendy's this chicken sandwich is small
i can tell chick-fil-a is huge
chick-fil-a the the the sandwich is a
ginormous chicken breast
bursting off the bun okay so i'm already
right off the bat skeptical that this is
going to be as good as a chick-fil-a
sandwich
all right by the way i believe the combo
for this
is like i want to say it's like nine
dollars or eight to nine dollars
it comes with cajun fries and a drink
here's the drink
it's just the standard soda the cajun
fries i [ __ ] you not
i didn't bring them up here because
they're so pathetic a tiny
like wax paper slit and i'm i
counted there were 11 cajun fries inside
of it
and all they are are regular soggy
french fries with a little bit of cajun
seasoning drizzled on top
11 fries
so that's a little disappointing
all right i'm just saying you're paying
eight nine dollars for a combo
you get a undersized chicken sandwich
and 11 french fries
okay then
let's see what's this actually in is in
this chicken sandwich
okay let's open it up
so first of all they put it in foil
packaging
and i feel the reason they do that is
because they want it to retain its heat
okay it is still warm that's good
that i'm actually going to eat the
sandwich and it's still going to be warm
it's so warm there's actually
condensation
on the foil itself that's a good sign so
what we have here is
appears to be a brioche style bond not
just a standard
sesame bun or burger bun okay
we're gonna lift the the top off and
there appears to be
some kind of mayonnaise i guess that's
supposed to be the spicy mayo as you can
see there's like almost nothing on there
it's pretty much almost no mayonnaise
whatsoever on this sandwich
the chicken breast itself isn't bad i
would say that's a pretty good size for
a chicken breast
um it's got
uh some good breading on it although it
looks like some of the breading came off
at one point i don't know if it was
while it was cooking or whatever all
right i'm gonna flip the sandwich
on the bottom we have more of that mayo
spicy mayo
and two pickles now the pickles are
quite large and actually pretty thick
cut pickles i would say um
and that's it so you got a big chicken
breast that's breaded
you've got a little bit of mayo on top
some mayo on the bottom and two pickles
that's the whole sandwich
okay first of all before i even bite it
i haven't tasted the breading of popeyes
in a long time
that's [ __ ] good i love popeyes
breading the recipe
is so good it's full of flavor it's
seasoned really well
it tastes so much better than kfc it
really does that was really good
okay now what i want to try to do
is try to take a bite where maybe i'll
get some of the mayo as well as
a pickle i don't know if i'm gonna be
able to do that but i'm sure as hell
gonna try
you ready okay
hmm
i'm trying to see how spicy the
afterburn of the mayo is
that was interesting the chicken is
juicy
which is always a good sign okay the
mayo itself
has a kick to it which is nice it's not
just a cooling mayo actually has a spicy
kick that's lingering in my mouth
i didn't get any pickle on that bite and
admittedly i didn't get as much
chicken as i wanted i got a lot of
breading okay
let me take another bite i want to get
some of these pickles in fact
i'm going to pull this pickle forward to
try to get some pickle in this bite
and see what it tastes like here we go
okay i should have brought a napkin in
here i did not
give me a second i'm gonna grab
something you want to get covered
in this thing hold on
okay
cover i'm covered
i got a tissue okay so
with the pickle that was quite good the
pickle is not
like one of the sweet pickles like what
do they call those bread and butter
pickles it's not it's a standard pickle
thick cut
and the vinegar tate flavor
of the pickle complements the savoriness
of the breading
the juiciness of the chicken and the
spiciness of the mayo
in fact i would even go as far to say
that maybe without the spicy mayo this
wouldn't be as good
but i think because the spicy mail gives
it an actual kick the sandwich tastes
quite good
it may have been too bland without the
spicy mayo but the spicy mayo may give
it the edge that it needs
let me take another bite
oh great
well
that's the dangers of eating
real fried chicken breast versus one of
those terrible ones that doesn't even
look like a real fried chicken breast
it's lumpy meat in some parts and it's
not just smooth throughout
so i bit a big chunk popped off
and made a big mess okay
[Music]
hmm
i need i need another tissue i mean this
is so messy
it's good but it's messy
mmm yummy
okay so
admittedly admittedly
this is better than i thought it was
going to be at first glance
admittedly this is much better
it tastes great um
it doesn't look so big but the chicken
breast inside of the sandwich actually
is quite big
the spicy mayo is spicy but not too
spicy it's just enough that it builds
enough burn in your mouth to taste good
for those of you who've had the spicy
chicken sandwich
at wendy's it's about on pace with the
spiciness of the spicy chicken sandwich
the difference is
the chicken breast at wendy's has spicy
breading on it
while this has spicy mayo so that would
be the direct difference but
it's still good all right i'm gonna take
one or two more bites
so goddamn good and then i'm gonna give
you my verdict
[Music]
let's go ahead one more this one's gonna
have a pickle in it
the pickle crunch oh good
man
wow
as simplistic as the sandwich is only a
bun brioche bun
pickle spicy mayo chicken that is good
that is full of flavor juicy chicken
tasty breading
enough spice to give it a good kick like
i said i almost
feel that if
it didn't have the spicy mayo it may be
too bland
but with that spicy mayo it gives it a
good flavor kick okay
i like they actually put it in the foil
it kept it
warm for me even though who knows how
long ago this was actually
made because it was delivered to me it
was still warm
eating it which is really damn good
right
um if anything negatives number one it
does fall apart
i can tell you the breading and piece of
chicken are falling off the chicken
breast what can you do it's not an even
chicken breast you know what i mean
but at the same time you know some
people
eat a sandwich because they want
something portable easy to eat this may
not be the easiest one to eat especially
if pieces are falling off
you don't want your chicken falling off
and falling on the ground you know what
i mean
um and i would also say
price wise
my ideal price for this would be five
bucks it's more than that
because the combo like i said this plus
cajun fries and this was nine dollars
so you're telling me that sandwich is
worth like six to seven dollars
i don't think so um
not to say it's bad but i would price
price that at five i think it's
overpriced right now
um would i go to popeyes to eat this
sandwich
yes it's very good would i go to popeyes
and
line up outside of popeyes and wait
20 minutes to an hour to get this
sandwich hell
no okay i can tell you
right now wendy's spicy chicken is not
as good
it's slightly less good reason being i
feel this fried chicken is better
quality
okay but but
i've had the chick-fil-a
spicy chicken sandwich the chick-fil-a
spicy chicken sandwich for me
is better than this it is it's bigger
the chicken breast is bigger
more flavor and you have options with
that sandwich you can actually get it as
a standard like this you could get other
things like lettuce and tomato and
things on it
pay for the deluxe you get more i
actually think
that chick-fil-a is better chick-fil-a
by the way
is about the same price maybe slightly
cheaper but it's probably about the same
price
but i you know i usually get the deluxe
which is the same price as this
to get lettuce tomato i can't remember
if it has bacon on it but i know it has
lettuce and tomato in addition to this
stuff
that gives it more for it um
oh my god so this is hilarious right now
people in the stream chat are revolting
against me and saying well some of them
completely staunchly disagree with me
they feel that this is better than
chick-fil-a i disagree i think
chick-fil-a is better by the way
at chick-fil-a you get those really
awesome waffle fries that are really
crazy good
you get a ton of them and they're full
of flavor you don't get 11 little cajun
fries in a wax paper i'm just saying
you're going to pay for a combo you're
definitely going to get something better
at chick-fil-a
okay so you can disagree that's okay if
you disagree
i'm actually gonna give this sandwich a
4.25
out of five because number one it's
messy and number two
it's overpriced if it weren't for being
messy and overpriced
this would be a five but being a little
bit on the messy side
and a little bit overpriced i give it a
4.25 out of five
um but i do feel that chick-fil-a having
more options
and a better side with the fries is
actually the better thing
i do like this though and i'm definitely
gonna finish this this thing is good
and i would definitely get this sandwich
again if i went to popeye's i'm
shockingly pleasantly surprised it
didn't look good
but man does it taste good so for dsp
tries it
the popeye's chicken sandwich 4.25 out
of 5 i really like it
thanks for watching everyone see you
next time